My dream is to become a star on YouTube
F
So I'll try to .. (laughs)
Great ! Another child on Dr. Phil
She wants to become a star on YouTube
Let's start to see the style here!
(On the left side) is mentally ill
(On the right side)
Mmmmmmmmm (twisted effect)
How are you! Lush here
And welcome to invite children weekly
Laugh
Before we go to the shape of Logan Paul .. let's take a quick course
Hey, hey Nicole, how's it going? Everything is perfect today?
Yes I am in good condition
Listen
There are many people who hate you online and ..
Do not make it famous and it does not deserve fame
They just hate me!
Just breaks in laughter. Hey, well my name is ..
Do they want to become like you?
Yes, they are just hateful
Well .. you still will get your C-Bugger you talked about in Dr. Phil !!!
What? .. I'm sorry .. What!
Even the person who left behind says "What?" After all this the mother bought her the car?
Are you Tamazhini? !!
You literally need to vent and no one wants to listen to me
Well you're not wrong with that what sits in the g-and-wang
She has all the bags in her back and has done a lot of surgery and she is 15 Jesus Christ, dude. what a hell?
Hey, hey, our kids call it the week. Everything is allowed. Everything is fine, ok. We have to go ahead though
I have three YouTube channels. It's almost my old videos that I posted about makeup lessons
What has three channels?
Reminds me 2014 * when you use legitimate games? *
Youtube where everyone was like ya, my vlogging channel. Here's my game channel because I like games
Well, not because he's famous because I'm a great passionate player. Well, these are my technical review channels
This I also have some videos on the YouTube channel called dare Mondays
It's my favorite program. Well, it's my favorite program on YouTube. Love her. I love her dare on Monday stuff
its the best
None of my videos got the most views I got on YouTube
85 was only 85 views
Well, as you know, it was not like I used to update old videos * The older videos were the best *
So they seem to have gotten more reviews
This did not happen
Well, do not feel bad about you, so you should feel bad about getting 85 views. This is pathetic
Also, I do not understand dare the two look very good. Well number one, Joey Grisva
he is
Well, it's as perverted as Shin Dawson
Imagine how good it would be if people watched old videos that might be worse
Well, how boys and girls walk. My name is Peeewdipah and welcome to comment blackops. I'm allowed to
I liked how I liked my videos at the time. Well, okay okay
She wants to become a star on YouTube, but what's wrong with it? I feel that I have a bright future ahead of me
I just think Kimber needs to get out of my life. I
My mother is called Kimber, her mother is literally
Susan and Jessica, see you on YouTube (by chance?)
I usually go to the ski park. This is in this section a good video blog portal really enjoyed those blogs
This is me in the ski park. I will definitely lie this when I drive
I will not lie well. Okay. Let's see the doctor sit with the legendary doctor
Why every comment you play?
sarcastic.
Because I think that's funny, I'm not so important
This is that she was sitting right on why Susan really hates having to show her own video clips
Why is everything you say defensive and cynical?
Because
She will try to knock me away and find my weak point
I do not have a weak point right now * do not you?
I will never mourn at the age of 50, but I may be able to find a few weaknesses
But just getting to get going like Logan Paul. Probably not the greatest thing
How do you know what I will do?
I just know I've been watching you since I was young and I know every aspect of everything
(Laughs audience)
Well, I've been teaching you d
Phil I've been watching you since I was fine
I know every aspect of everything that this child looks like in school
I watched porn before everyone was like men
I know things. Okay. I've seen the prophecy I've seen so I've seen everything okay * lmaoo *
There is nothing you can tell me because I already know him. I mean it's television. It is not that difficult
YouTube vs TV Everyone. I did not say that school was stupid
But you have to get some kind of education
Or you will not get a job. You can not do anything
Well, what happened was to become a utilitarian and do not need anything to become a utopian user. I
I feel that this is the dream of children these days. It's like the easy way now. You can just become a YouTube
You do not even need to go to school. You can only play games. I still see people spreading like
I only play video games for 10 minutes
That's all you did. You're not saying you're not wrong, but you guys, it's really hard. Okay
Hair, make up and investigate the crime scene everyone will end up and match
Why did not anyone try to study it before? This is all you need to teach to become a YouTube
I will study music and I will study frogs well, if you do not give me a job
I do not know what will happen, but we do not know that cuz is not in bubble bubbles. Not funny
Like why? Is that funny? Huh? Why is this funny mom?
Why can not I study poetry and investigate the crime scene? Yes. What is a psychiatric patient?
Unnamed: Um, it ruined my life for the money you set forth, okay
Just like you do not think it's true. You do not think as a normal human being will look like they describe themselves * lol *
You do not have a thinking process
Well, what you do not have a thinking process for you
I think what you are saying is that you are not communicating
I do not want to do anything with her but last night you wanted me to come and grab your legs and do it
The things. Yes, I want you to do things for me
Rub my Mom's legs like once I get a GED I can start my life
Because I am already an adult I have been an adult since I was young
Through your profile
Literally one minute ago the psychopath was exactly what you mentally do not think about your age and you have
You do not think your mind is your age. I did not do anything for you at all
No, do not do anything
Nanny and Papa are things for me. I've bought everything. Did not buy me a car until * wtf *
What is with these children and getting cars? I did not get a car when I was a kid. Yes
No wonder many YouTube users are psychologically ill because all psychopaths want to be YouTube users. Logan will now make logical sense, in the end
Let's see the perspective of parents. I am curious about what parents will say to defend themselves. There are some things
I had not done that
Right in my country we did not justify well that we did. There is no book about it and I have no idea
But why did you buy my book and that would never have happened
This is a strange look. I think it's interesting though
How many children would like this idea to be aware of YouTube users?
They are famous for earning a lot of money. You know, you do not have to go to school
You do not have to do all these things. It's like it's like an easy way out. Looks like and, yes, inish
Thank you guys to see this video leave like if you enjoy watching and let me know what * like it *
Since I'm basically the new leafy second let me know what should be called to the kids afterwards
Let me know in the comments and would like if you are a nine year old kid and wa wait, I can just call you guys * im 4 *